Spring is rightfully considered the most beautiful time of the year. Only during this period can you notice how flowers bloom after a long hibernation. The singing of birds outside the window, the flowing stream and the warm rays of the sun create a wonderful atmosphere of peace and harmony. At this time, everything around begins to transform. This applies to animals, plants, people and nature itself. Bears wake up from hibernation, and snowdrops begin to look out from under a layer of snow. A warm breeze replaces sultry snowstorms, and home pastime is replaced by walks in the fresh air.In winter, I often go to the forest to take a walk, but every now and then snow fell on me from the branches. It was uncomfortable. In spring, you can also go for walks, however, without fear that you will freeze. The most beautiful thing in spring nature is the smell that is concentrated in the air. It is a combination of scents of flowers, trees and plants. The days in the spring season lengthen as the sun begins to rise much earlier. I really like to wake up to the singing of birds that are sitting on the branches under my window. I really like the fact that the sun rises earlier, because in winter, when I go to school, it's still dark and scary, just like when I come back after extracurricular activities. From early morning until late evening, the voices of children who went out for a walk can be heard. Everyone wants to go out to bask in the sun and relax in the fresh air. Spring nature is unique. She has a charming charm. If you compare her with the image of a girl, then for sure she is a meek and gentle person with blonde hair and a blooming wreath. The air is getting warmer every day, the mood of all people is improving on the eve of summer. Spring can be considered the starting point leading to the holidays. There is very little left for them to come.In my opinion, spring is the mother of all living things and the favorite of all creatures living on Earth. Without it, people probably would not have been able to know what the beginning of life is and how wonderful this phenomenon is. In the spring, a romantic mood overcomes me. I pay attention to creativity, write poems and short stories. At this time of year, creative people will surely be able to find their muse.